Ian: Can you hear me.
andrea orth: Yes, I can hear you.
Ian: Okay, I was just confirming
Ian: That I was in
Ian: Looks like repeating camp for a change.
andrea orth: Price by that.
Yeah.
Ian: Whereabouts in the USA, you
andrea orth: Live in Illinois.
Ian: Illinois. That's kind of Chicago.
andrea orth: Yeah, South Chicago
Ian: Morning, Bob.
bobmcCormack: Hey, you're traveling squad.
bobmcCormack: I'm pretty good. Yeah.
Ian: man wants to arrive.
bobmcCormack: No sign of a and these up for the
bobmcCormack: Opening the office next month, unfortunately.
Ian: Yeah I don't know what's going on there.
bobmcCormack: Yeah, that's a two week. So why they say the second November.
Ian: Hey,
Randall Ness: Hello.
Randall Ness: Hey, Bob.
bobmcCormack: brown eyed and bushy tailed night.
All right.
Randall Ness: I was happy to see that Eugene's on demand.
bobmcCormack: Yeah yeah
bobmcCormack: Yeah, the scare and unfortunately it with all the science in the world. They couldn't pin it down so but there doesn't seem to be anything at the plumbing seems to be okay. That's the main thing.
bobmcCormack: And it was a cardiac event because the blood showed slight damage to the heart. So that enzyme gets pulled out. So there was a. It wasn't a fake or a false event so
Yeah.
Randall Ness: Hope you take next and easy.
bobmcCormack: He was texted me this morning. He's gone for another long bike ride you feeling drive
Here.
andrea orth: He was slacking a couple hours ago.
I'm texting him now.
Randall Ness: So Andrea, you're in charge today is that right
andrea orth: Yeah yeah
andrea orth: Do you have an agenda. No, I think that's going to be the first thing I talked about, I think that the schedule for the scheduler needs updated and I'm not sure where that happens because I was looking at run results for that get lab actions.
Kip Twitchell: On near my apologies apologize for being late.
Kip Twitchell: Thanks for starting without me.
andrea orth: Well we barely just started
Good.
andrea orth: So Agenda Item Number one is we don't have an agenda.
andrea orth: It looks like when we move the date, whatever. What's the schedule for that. Get up, get up, get up, action.
andrea orth: And I'm not sure where that schedule is I was looking at the before this meeting started I was looking at the run results.
andrea orth: To the latest GitHub action and it references a schedule, but I don't know where it's pulling that in from
Kip Twitchell: You know, it's not very intuitive. Is it
andrea orth: No, it's not intuitive.
Kip Twitchell: I felt I felt very fortunate to have been able to change the event time. But other than that, that was
Kip Twitchell: Well,
Kip Twitchell: Andrew, what if we dropped back to the TLC meeting minutes from last time to give us some structure.
andrea orth: We can
andrea orth: We also have a couple
andrea orth: Like I put a couple items out there and it looked like Bob had something to
Sandy Peresie: You can always look at the at the issues and the different repositories and go through them that like to
Sandy Peresie: Think that was part of the agenda for today.
andrea orth: I believe it was
Kip Twitchell: And I'm supposed to take minutes
andrea orth: Yes, you are.
Kip Twitchell: Okay, I'm on that.
andrea orth: Okay. Oh, are you, again, is it is yourself as host
Kip Twitchell: So I can do is, is to say, Well, I didn't get in this House.
andrea orth: Okay.
Kip Twitchell: I gotta figure out how to do that consistently.
I
andrea orth: Was going to share the screen but
Sandy Peresie: Depressing side.
bobmcCormack: We are seeking divine intervention then Randall.
bobmcCormack: You're looking heaven woods
Randall Ness: Oh, I've got, I've got two monitors.
Randall Ness: I've got my camera here on the on the laptop and since I'm multitasking, of course.
Randall Ness: Yeah.
Randall Ness: I'm always checking out. What else is going
On
Randall Ness: Michael Shapiro calls this Randall leising
Ah,
It's
Randall Ness: One thing at a time.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Okay, I'm back and Andrea, I can make you host. And I realized
Open Mainframe Project Community: I think I'll remember next time, how to do that I have to go to the last pass
Open Mainframe Project Community: And logging come there.
Open Mainframe Project Community: You should be down
andrea orth: There we go.
andrea orth: And I did just get the light credentials today.
andrea orth: I'm for the hosting but
andrea orth: Try it.
Open Mainframe Project Community: No. Excellent. I'm glad you got them.
andrea orth: Yeah, but all I did was I you sent me that slack or you set a slack about the video being too big and about all I did was download that video and I'm going to run it through King Asia.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Okay.
andrea orth: Make it smaller.
andrea orth: Thank you, but I also didn't want to do that for this meeting because you would hear the fans. Keep going on my compare
Yep.
andrea orth: Okay, I'm going to skip these items right now. We'll just go through these issues. Oh, in related to me. Finally, remembering das john for the same reason that credentials.
andrea orth: For this me there was an issue tied to it and I closed it. It was like super, super old
andrea orth: Alright, I'll let the person who created them. Go ahead and discuss them.
andrea orth: Because I don't need to read them for everybody.
Sandy Peresie: The Mo, creating a repository for regression test bed.
Sandy Peresie: So that people can
Sandy Peresie: Have or
Sandy Peresie: Companies can have a
Sandy Peresie: Way to download some sets of data to do a regression test because one of the most expensive things for people to do was regression test Geneva updates.
Sandy Peresie: So,
Sandy Peresie: We just have to create the repository. I don't think we want to
Sandy Peresie: Create it or put it in a different repository. I think we agreed that we should create a separate repository for this but open to discussion.
Open Mainframe Project Community: That's what I remember as well.
Sandy Peresie: Creates the report created the other repositories, I guess, is the question, can we assign that to this person as well.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So I let pardon me, Sandy. We have a resources repository.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Where I thought this might go now. Is that an accurate remembrance on my part.
Sandy Peresie: Of what's in the resources repository.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I thought that I had thought that that was intended to be an element there. I thought we would have things like ACL.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And the test beds and that sort of thing and the resources repository.
Sandy Peresie: Well, okay then we can update this to
Sandy Peresie: You know,
Sandy Peresie: We'll use the resources repository for the for the test bed and when goes
Open Mainframe Project Community: Question is, what would the tooling be around it, but we couldn't do that as a separate we've got the pure right this is a repository. So that sounds right to me.
Ian: I suspect we should have a dedicated repository for regression tests, though, for the test framework and that kind of thing.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I mean, if I I think I'd be inclined in when we start making progress. We don't have anything in the, in the end, the resources repository right now. So if all we're doing is like documentation and such. I'd inclined to not have repository sprawl.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Federal I could be voted over on that, if that's appropriate thing to do.
Ian: Yeah, once we get to
Ian: Something real, then I suspect it should be in its own wizardry.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I could believe that that would make sense to me.
Sandy Peresie: Can you move it.
Sandy Peresie: I mean, without having confusion.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, you can get started. As we mean to go on.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Now you could you can pull it down. And you can you can move on your, you know, you just do a poll and you move things on the directory and you get to a pull request to push it back. Oh, I don't think that's very hard to do.
Sandy Peresie: And make the others inactive because we don't want people to go in and try and pull it from there from resources.
Open Mainframe Project Community: It would be in the history, but if they look you don't typically go back and look in the history of in a repository. It shows you what the current state is and it wouldn't show up in the current state of the repository.
Sandy Peresie: So there's something else. You have to do when resources, then
Yeah.
Open Mainframe Project Community: If you, if you delete it out of
Open Mainframe Project Community: Resources it
Open Mainframe Project Community: Effectively, the current state of it doesn't show it anymore.
Okay.
Open Mainframe Project Community: That sound. Okay.
Sounds reason
Sandy Peresie: Okay, well I can go in and update this tomorrow then motor decision is
Sandy Peresie: My should rather do it right now. Andrea, that's up to you.
andrea orth: All what you do it tomorrow.
Sandy Peresie: Okay.
andrea orth: Doing it through the issues.
andrea orth: Oh yeah, this one. Um, did you do this one. Kip
andrea orth: Cuz I
andrea orth: Can't no permissions there.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Uh, I actually no, I didn't do anything about Andrew, what do I need to do to do that. I saved today and did that still have the same problem. I put a new set of recording transcriptions from our last meeting now just today.
andrea orth: Yeah, I saw that out. Good luck because I created a pull request but you know how we get those automatic emails.
andrea orth: And it says, oh, the report recordings are available and there's like one link for the host and then one link for everybody else.
Open Mainframe Project Community: No, I didn't know there was a link for anybody else.
andrea orth: I didn't know you were doing else
andrea orth: But I also don't know
andrea orth: Now I sit and think about it.
andrea orth: Um, since that's the open mainframe projects.
andrea orth: I wonder
andrea orth: If that could be changed and
Open Mainframe Project Community: I think that's a good question.
Open Mainframe Project Community: What I would, what I do on this Andrea is I'm probably just had a comment and ask assign it to john martek okay can we
Yeah.
andrea orth: Yeah.
Randall Ness: See Andrea, could you please hit Control plus sign a couple times to make the font bigger for us older folks.
All right.
andrea orth: Better, better
Randall Ness: Thank you.
Okay.
andrea orth: So this one, Sandy opened
Open Mainframe Project Community: Oh, that's interesting.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Can I try that right now.
Sandy Peresie: I don't know if we maybe should be assigning this to
Sandy Peresie: Get help people.
Sandy Peresie: I thought this is right. I don't know if it's a, I don't know if it's a, I'm a permissions, or it's just a bug in the search
Sandy Peresie: GitHub.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, I
Sandy Peresie: Mean I guess you're since you're God and GitHub for Geneva urs you should try it and see if you get the same thing.
Open Mainframe Project Community: No, I didn't. I didn't, the same thing.
Yeah.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I did, I did quite a few commits that go across. Yeah, it goes across more repositories.
Open Mainframe Project Community: But there's only. It doesn't even show the community repository.
Yeah.
Sandy Peresie: I think it's confusing for people that are brand new. That's the only reason I put it out here.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, how do you, where's where's the
Open Mainframe Project Community: Where's the GitHub repository. They open an issue on it but sounds like a, an infinite loop.
Sorry.
andrea orth: They probably wanted just we'd have to find it.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Well, we could take that to john her tech as well.
Open Mainframe Project Community: You'd have a better sense of that.
andrea orth: Yeah.
Sandy Peresie: So we just assign it to john Martin.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I might. I might be inclined to set up a discussion with him. I think it's fair to him if you just sign up for half an hour of his time and
Open Mainframe Project Community: If we have them ready to go through
Open Mainframe Project Community: If it's only one or two, we could assign it to him. That's for sure.
Sandy Peresie: Sorry. What's that, what's
Sandy Peresie: Going to reach out to john is are we
Sandy Peresie: Collecting all these is
Open Mainframe Project Community: So what would you suggest we do Sandy.
Open Mainframe Project Community: We should assign it to him and then
Open Mainframe Project Community: Reach out to him for discussion.
Sandy Peresie: Well, I probably would.
Open Mainframe Project Community: You know,
Open Mainframe Project Community: That sounds good.
Open Mainframe Project Community: That's easy enough to test
andrea orth: Here always asked him to search and see what he gets.
Yep.
Sandy Peresie: Well, I'll update the update a comment to ask him to do that. Thank you.
andrea orth: And we need to go through the good first issues.
andrea orth: I asked because we're 820 and I wanted to
andrea orth: Get some of these old see if we can get some of these old ones discussed
andrea orth: Box.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I'd be I'd be inclined to follow your lead. Henry. I'm just to go. We did talk about that one last time. It's worthy of discussion, but maybe put it at the end, people get to these
Transfers
andrea orth: Um, I
andrea orth: Think this one's just yeah I don't think there's an action item on this one.
andrea orth: I just think it can be probably close
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yes.
Open Mainframe Project Community: That was after we have the meeting. And we got the minutes out there. I think that's fine.
andrea orth: All right, is all about the release and see I build requirements.
andrea orth: Mom did curator release file.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah.
andrea orth: That's this one my actual tape for the discussion.
Open Mainframe Project Community: We had. I mean, we've got the infrastructure meeting going now, right, and had a very good discussion about last time.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So,
Open Mainframe Project Community: I think maybe we've got, that's the place where we'll work this issue. I don't know that this issue adds anything
Open Mainframe Project Community: To that ongoing meeting to continue to work that Bob, would you do you think you'd be Dustin causes you okay with that.
bobmcCormack: Yeah, fine. Yeah, we can track that in the infrastructure meeting.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I think we could close it.
andrea orth: Okay.
andrea orth: Close it as well.
andrea orth: This one's not valid anymore. Correct.
andrea orth: Or do you still need that.
Open Mainframe Project Community: pondering here for a minute.
Open Mainframe Project Community: We're still
Open Mainframe Project Community: We're still working a little bit the BB to connect JD PC driver for existing customers. We've gotta
Open Mainframe Project Community: We're kind of going on on that.
But I
Open Mainframe Project Community: Mean aren't, aren't we
Open Mainframe Project Community: Our approach on the project. It's a little bit of a capacity issue is really about converting to
Open Mainframe Project Community: PostgreSQL isn't that the answer that we've really come up with on this issue, to be sure, to be honest.
Randall Ness: That that's the preferred solution.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So, having come to that decision. Is there a need for this.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Issue.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I don't know that there's another way around it. Other than that.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Course
Ian: The only other ways to not have a workbench and all
Ian: Files, well not have a database of files behind the workbench.
Randall Ness: That's more of a long term solution. It is
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, that's as much work as
Open Mainframe Project Community: More maybe more work on
Open Mainframe Project Community: Postgres. Right.
Yeah.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I guess Andrea. It's a kind of a question here, right, this is, this is an issue.
Open Mainframe Project Community: This is an issue that we're having to work seriously on the project.
Open Mainframe Project Community: We have. So I'm not sure.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I'm not sure. Maybe it may be worthwhile keeping this out there so that it shows you know what we're working
Open Mainframe Project Community: On the project.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Maybe we just need to make an update on it. Same we've decided you know Postgres is the way we're going to go, and that's what we're working towards
andrea orth: That makes sense to me.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Let's do that.
Sandy Peresie: Does that change the roadmap.
Sandy Peresie: At all.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Well, we don't we don't necessarily have timings laid out for that still
Open Mainframe Project Community: No, so it doesn't change the roadmap for the architectural direction. We were going to end. And it's in line with where we've been going architecturally
Sandy Peresie: I'm sorry, maybe not the roadmap, but the timings of the roadmap, I guess.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, actually, maybe we should just talk about that for a minute and Randall.
Open Mainframe Project Community: What's our sense on
Open Mainframe Project Community: As this, there were, there was a burst of energy. I know in you took a busman's holiday. We're kind of
Open Mainframe Project Community: Working seriously on it. Other other maintenance tasks impeding our
Open Mainframe Project Community: Engines.
Ian: I haven't done anything for for a little while. I got to the stage where I could create a view with a comb and
Ian: Appear to compile it.
Ian: But that was about as far as I got and I've been chasing all things since then.
Yeah.
Open Mainframe Project Community: We just
Open Mainframe Project Community: Sandy and Andrea, I think part of
Open Mainframe Project Community: I don't need to be comprehensive because I don't have the comprehensive view. But if I were to represent my sense of, we've got a number of issues we're working around security pieces on the workbench as well.
Open Mainframe Project Community: existing customer demands on
Open Mainframe Project Community: On
Open Mainframe Project Community: What's called
Open Mainframe Project Community: So we're not making as much progress on this.
Open Mainframe Project Community: In the last few weeks, as we were
Open Mainframe Project Community: maybe a month ago, one and RT se meeting when in you kind of came back with that status at that point. I've been able to, if I remember correctly, and I was
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yes, he discussion, maybe just three weeks ago, two weeks ago.
Ian: Sure, I've also been looking at a little things to do with
Ian: Use of how we can get the
Ian: Underlying code working for a job or version of them are 91
Yeah.
Ian: I'm split between a number of different things.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Because of the Java the Java Mr 91 that helps us in the number of friends on the security points around the eclipse versions, perhaps, if I remember correctly.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And other simplifications of the compilers and the number so
Open Mainframe Project Community: We're running a number of different initiatives here to just starting things out, aren't we
Ian: Yeah, they're all kind of in parallel.
Ian: Yeah.
Ian: And I can't split less. All right, so
Open Mainframe Project Community: This is a recruiting issue.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Java.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Java developers, but coming up to speed. To add assistance to you would be difficult to do. I do. I suspect
Ian: Yeah.
Well, we
Ian: Have a couple and where we're
Ian: beating them into submission.
Yes.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So I guess Andrea Sandy.
Open Mainframe Project Community: It's
Open Mainframe Project Community: We're not as far along in the in the development. The, the version of the workbench for outside use as we'd like to be
Open Mainframe Project Community: outside our existing customers and the TV to connect JD bc drivers.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I mean, I guess.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So having said that, Randall, Jim. I mean, do we want to consider taking another candidate.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Give you to connect drivers and see if there's a way of getting access to those we haven't had much luck on that Randalls been chasing that we're not getting any responses back
Open Mainframe Project Community: Sense might be that it could be the it's unlikely to bear fruit. And that's why we're not getting any response back from people were opinion about the issue.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Or is there is a really not much choice we have
Randall Ness: I think
Randall Ness: When you and Jim, I spoke last week, I think we just decided that we were going to focus on dB to for the internal customers and Postgres for the external customers and
Randall Ness: That was that we can reverse that if you like.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I don't know if that's the case.
Sandy Peresie: If that's the case, you probably from a timing perspective, don't have to get the DB to connect working right away.
Sandy Peresie: In order to get additional people on
Sandy Peresie: Didn't even hear us. Right.
Sandy Peresie: That's why I was asking about the timing.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, but the issue Sandy, is it still delays are getting additional people to use the workbench, because if we don't have a DB to connect approach the new code base for Postgres is getting pushed out by some of the issues that are working on the DB to connect side of things.
Jim Hladyshewsky: Kept the other thought is there isn't one of the guys from profit on the
Jim Hladyshewsky: Executive Committee for yeah
Jim Hladyshewsky: Yeah, don't reach out directly to him.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, everything else.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, we could take this, take this traveling to
Open Mainframe Project Community: The right mentality. Now, you're right, GM and he was on the
Open Mainframe Project Community: I just posted today my video of the pack the tag discussion and he you know so I reviewed his words today, there were very strong positive words then
Open Mainframe Project Community: And what do we lose by doing that.
Open Mainframe Project Community: There any risks for that. Probably not.
Jim Hladyshewsky: I don't think so at least we had an answer.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And it's bold. It's a bold move
Open Mainframe Project Community: Okay.
Jim Hladyshewsky: Cuz internal the internal clients are covered by their own contracts. So we're fine. It's just
Jim Hladyshewsky: Now, from an open source perspective what we do.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Okay, then that's a task for me. So we're going to update this with assigned to me.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And I'm going to go get a meeting with the
Open Mainframe Project Community: With some someone at rocket. I think it was the CTO
949 6620 6199: Is that Greg.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Now fortunately
949 6620 6199: Ah, shame.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Because Joe Devlin.
Randall Ness: That's right.
Okay.
andrea orth: All right, I'm hearing, we
Open Mainframe Project Community: We can move on, let me just say that issue right there is driving exactly the kind of discussion, we need to have thanks for everybody. Participating that in a transparent way right this is this is one of our key gatekeeper gate holders on us right now. So thanks for that.
See
andrea orth: the Getting Started guide.
Open Mainframe Project Community: This is dependent on the BBC drivers.
Sandy Peresie: No.
Oh,
Sandy Peresie: You know when you don't know what you're doing and you're a total doofus guide and I have to, I have to reach out to ray to see if he's finished the review. He sent me a note and then then he dropped off the face of the earth. So let me let me get back to him tomorrow.
Sandy Peresie: Okay.
Open Mainframe Project Community: You're right. SANDY I misread it. It's not the Getting Started with Jenny VRS. It's the time
Open Mainframe Project Community: She's joining the community guy.
Yeah.
andrea orth: I think our last one.
andrea orth: Is probably something I haven't done yet.
andrea orth: Okay.
andrea orth: I think maybe this
andrea orth: Is clozaril
andrea orth: Because we did put something out there. The link to the TASC minutes
andrea orth: Equal kind of past the, hey, we have a logo.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And I think if you want to click on that link. I think
Open Mainframe Project Community: I think I did that. Oh, actually, I got an invite to sign up for the eye on the main framer podcast.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And I think
Open Mainframe Project Community: I looked over this and I think we've got all the other things done there. So I think Andrea, you're right.
andrea orth: Okay.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I think that was issue 17
andrea orth: Yes.
andrea orth: Now unless someone has objections I was going to go back up to
andrea orth: What look like. Here we are agenda items.
andrea orth: Yeah.
andrea orth: Is there something remaining
andrea orth: That we need to change in zoom for these automatic updates.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So, so if you go to the calendar, the calendar is showing correct
Open Mainframe Project Community: But right i did i don't know that i got a meeting notice from the calendar right
Open Mainframe Project Community: Did any i i saw last time the calendar automatically send out a meeting. Notice
andrea orth: Mm hmm.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I think maybe what we ought to do is
andrea orth: Maybe get help action issue.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yes, I think that we've got a problem there.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So actually, Sandy, could I recommend. Let's take this one on the calendar and the zoom sharing one and the Geneva ERS and assign those the search
Open Mainframe Project Community: Assigned assign those all three to me and all set up something with john martek to discuss
Open Mainframe Project Community: So instead of just having them throwing them over the wall to him.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So that's issue number 15 number 47
Open Mainframe Project Community: And this one will be assigned to me.
Sandy Peresie: Okay.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And Andrea, I'll try to schedule you and Sandy your tablet. Have you joined to do that meeting with john so that we get more people hearing what he's talking about.
Open Mainframe Project Community: A good approach, Andrew.
andrea orth: Sounds like a good approach. Yeah, okay.
andrea orth: All right. And one more. Which I added. I think he has two items in it.
andrea orth: Yeah, I'm option or bullet number one.
andrea orth: Should we come up with rules for yourself on reviewing pull request because I know Bob had one out there that
andrea orth: I think we all kind of forgot about
Yeah.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Actually
andrea orth: Other parts, kind of related. Do we have enough people to assign for reviews.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, so one thought on the first one, Andrea is maybe we ought to think about making a standing item for
Open Mainframe Project Community: The PSC meetings to just see, hey, not necessarily review, but to review if if there's things outstanding because that will be twice a month if if we're doing that process. Right.
andrea orth: Yeah.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So Sandy, there is on the second part of that.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Sandy.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Sandy wasn't an
Open Mainframe Project Community: Update on the community repository, and we had some things or she needed to be recently. So I think there is a need to expand a bit more with what's going on here.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Some of our competitors on repositories.
Open Mainframe Project Community: If you go to the the community. If you go to the instead of the issues to the
Open Mainframe Project Community: TASC there's a CS the file in the TASC directory
Open Mainframe Project Community: Of the code.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah reprints and I think it's that repose right there repo CSP.
Open Mainframe Project Community: This right now has
Open Mainframe Project Community: Oh, poor me. Now, this doesn't. It's back it's
andrea orth: Kind of
Sandy Peresie: It's committed or something or another.
Open Mainframe Project Community: its competitors. Pardon me.
andrea orth: And we are
Open Mainframe Project Community: So happy to consider updates to this and that are needed. So you're going to add Sandy.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And john merchants.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, yeah. Sandy would make an update and a pull request against this document that he would use it, then to make those updates.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I did try to make it initially. So there were, you know, always were two on each repo happy to have feedback if there's
Open Mainframe Project Community: If that's not adequate.
Sandy Peresie: It's concerning is that, you know, when you're looking at the
Sandy Peresie: The assignee and the labels, unless you're a competitor.
Open Mainframe Project Community: You're breaking up just a bit Sandy, I think.
Sandy Peresie: I said, I said, it's hard to investments shoes and stuff have you don't have the ability to be a competitor. If you're not a competitor.
Sandy Peresie: Did you hear that
Sandy Peresie: Yes. Okay.
Sandy Peresie: But you know, I understand the reason also not to have a bazillion competitors.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So I think I might drop off.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Since he's not participating
Open Mainframe Project Community: We got to take him off of this list.
Open Mainframe Project Community: To reduce the list anyway. Right, sure.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Um,
Open Mainframe Project Community: I guess my sense right now is I'm happy to have comments back around. But I think we're appropriately learning how to do this process through through what we're we're figuring out
Open Mainframe Project Community: And then
Open Mainframe Project Community: Maybe there's a little bit more experience that's needed before we do something radically different.
Sandy Peresie: Is that something we can talk to john about. I mean, you know, is there some
Open Mainframe Project Community: Their security setting that we could have changed on that we could control that better.
Yes.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yes.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So the point specifically there just to get down in the minutes it's around labels. Right.
Sandy Peresie: Labels and assign ease. Yeah.
Open Mainframe Project Community: That's excellent.
Sandy Peresie: You know there's I'm happy to, to keep an eye on the issues you know all the issues and you know make sure they all have an assignee and make sure they get updated, but not if I don't have ability and but I don't necessarily want to be a computer and a reviewer on every week. Oh.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yeah, I like that. So we're going to get this one assigned to me as well. And we'll add it to the other three that we're going to discuss with john Merton, that's a good. That sounds like a good approach me on that.
andrea orth: Alright, we're through all our
andrea orth: Issues.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Actually Andrea. I was gonna ask do we have
Open Mainframe Project Community: Do we have any issues under the spark repository. We are looking at
Sandy Peresie: We do, yes, there's there's issues under
Sandy Peresie: Different repositories. Yeah.
andrea orth: RPC. Yes.
andrea orth: To start with this one. The Z PDT
Open Mainframe Project Community: I knew this was issue number one.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Thank you.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I
Open Mainframe Project Community: So I got I'm getting some pretty good feedback on this one. We're working this and actually quite seriously.
Open Mainframe Project Community: With the Z team.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Talking about alternative ways of getting access. Let me, let me just speak to that for just a moment. The, the general problem we've had with access to CEOs or
Open Mainframe Project Community: Our new project.
Open Mainframe Project Community: We've had an outsized influence
Open Mainframe Project Community: On that problem john martek I spoke to him yesterday and having some discussions with the z.
Open Mainframe Project Community: People in the z team that have come up through the project come about because of the project in various ways.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And john said yesterday, Kip I've been trying to find traction. Sounds like you've got a good opening here to be discussing how do we get better general access to CEOs for experimentation and open source projects so
Open Mainframe Project Community: I think I don't think this is needed for me to continue to make progress. I'm progressing that very well. I think we could close this issue Sandy. I'm sure you've been kind of part of my updates on those. Would you agree with her.
Sandy Peresie: Um, yeah, but I think we probably need some type of closing comment in here so that people know why we closed it
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yes, I think that that's reasonable. So I could I could add that I can do an update on that. Okay.
Okay.
andrea orth: Scholar source.
Open Mainframe Project Community: without reading the update, you know, Neil was going to make all the updates on this.
949 6620 6199: Yeah.
949 6620 6199: I
949 6620 6199: Do
Sandy Peresie: Actually, the question the question in my head is you know I'm there was a whole bunch of
Sandy Peresie: Comments on the pull request.
Sandy Peresie: Right, so, um, you know, from a team perspective do we want to ensure a certain level of documentation or do we want to put this stuff out there and maybe just open up a separate issue to update the documentation in the cold. I mean what, what are your feelings about that.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Well, actually, Sandy. That's a different issue. This one was opened by Bob because there a specific module missing the Barden
Sandy Peresie: Oh, OK. Sorry.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And I think I was waiting for Bob to get his poll requests committed before I make this update
Sandy Peresie: Right back to the to the documentation.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Of the call. Okay. But this one, this one specifically is just on hold until we're able to get the transfer from the staffer
Open Mainframe Project Community: Spark repository transferred over and Bob said to me last night you, Bob. I don't need to speak for you, but that you were working to get get ignore issue that had been located on that right
bobmcCormack: Correct, yes, some progress on that.
bobmcCormack: I've done the merge on my local repository. So I've got both both repositories. The IBM Sephora and the Geneva Drs. For this repo time they merged.
bobmcCormack: And unfortunately when I try and do a push to the remote that is to the actual GitHub location. I'm getting an issue. So I'm working on an issue. So hopefully
bobmcCormack: I get resolved the next day or so and then
bobmcCormack: It may well be that
bobmcCormack: We have to do a push to a new branch and that branch would then become subject to a pull request to override the master in the GitHub location.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Okay, and then I want you to do that. I can
Open Mainframe Project Community: I can update the I'll update for this one. I'll do a new poll request one
Open Mainframe Project Community: So I think this one's just on hold for a little bit more but no issues really here.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Okay.
andrea orth: Make note on licenses.
Open Mainframe Project Community: You know I
Open Mainframe Project Community: You know what, I think we did instead of this is, I deleted from the IBM safir
Open Mainframe Project Community: Bob and I talked over and we deleted from the IBM safir repo, those that had licenses outside of the
Open Mainframe Project Community: Of the
Open Mainframe Project Community: Apache 2.0 so I think we can close this Bob is that sound right to you.
bobmcCormack: Yes recollection. I think that's correct.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I deleted that play framework.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Which was not something we need to carry forward was the major item, but dealt with so we can close this issue.
949 6620 6199: start scanning
Open Mainframe Project Community: Mean, we've we've been approved on the spark code scan for over a month now and that's what bots working so that we can do the import
Open Mainframe Project Community: They've already. That's what the highlight of this problem was when they scan that they found something that I had added into one of my PLC is a year and a half ago.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I'll play frameworks which wasn't an Apache 2.0 license and instead of, instead of adding a note on the licenses in the readme document I decided to delete the source code and not important to the Geneva urs project.
Sandy Peresie: Okay, so do you want me to put a comment in and close it tomorrow.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Yes. Yep, we've deleted the source code that was non non compliant.
Okay.
andrea orth: Number nine.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Actually this is one Bob and I just talked about a minute ago. And he's
Open Mainframe Project Community: Oh, unless this is different. This might be the same thing on the non compliant we deleted, we decided
Open Mainframe Project Community: We remove that to point out. So I think these might be overlapping
andrea orth: Your concurrence with kip on that.
bobmcCormack: I think so.
Cool.
Sandy Peresie: Tomorrow,
andrea orth: Alright, last one in this repository. Number five.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I might say that we've got going on here. Sandy is the work of you and Neil and I've been doing daily on
Open Mainframe Project Community: On the Y calm environment.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Really help us prove this out right
Sandy Peresie: Yeah, let me put a put a comment in there. I'd like I think we should leave it open until we
Sandy Peresie: Figure out if that's going to help us right yep
Sandy Peresie: We're gonna do it.
Sandy Peresie: Yeah okay, I'll make a comment update this
andrea orth: All right, that's our last issue in this repository. We have seven minutes.
Sandy Peresie: Can we go back to the to the documentation thing.
Sandy Peresie: Um, you know, when reviewing a pull request. How do we want to handle things that may not be documented.
Sandy Peresie: To
Sandy Peresie: An appropriate level.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Sandy. I think your approach of of commenting and putting the pull request on hold is exactly the right way to handle it.
Sandy Peresie: Okay.
Sandy Peresie: Alright, I just want to make sure that that you know that we're all in agreement, you know, because we could we could put it out there and then just have someone go back in and update it with proper documentation to
Open Mainframe Project Community: What
Open Mainframe Project Community: Okay, so let's
Open Mainframe Project Community: Just go there just for a minute on the specific code that you found right it was something that Neil and I worked on during one of our Friday morning R amp D sessions.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And I was slamming together some code really quickly that we were copying from other places. And I didn't really document it very much at all.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So I might come back to you. If you put in, you know, comment out there. I might come back to you and say, Sandy, this isn't working code.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I, I'd rather I next time I go through, I will add more documentation to it. Could we commit this though, just so we don't have, you know, a branching issue involved.
Open Mainframe Project Community: And we just have that little discussion. I think that would be okay. But I think it's I think it's appropriate for whoever's a competitor to stop go that doesn't have doesn't meet the standard. I think that's appropriate to do
Sandy Peresie: Okay, that sounds like a good compromise.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Which is that is that
Sandy Peresie: I don't think it's an issue. It's just a I didn't open an issue for it. Sorry.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Oh, no, no, that's
Sandy Peresie: A general discussion point. Good. You know how tough, should we be when we're reviewing
Good.
andrea orth: Else anybody would like to discuss. We have five minutes.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Just two quick updates from me, Andrea I in the Slack channel I posted a video I was interviewed
Open Mainframe Project Community: As part of the open mainframe project, and I'd missed the release. I didn't get a notice of the release as a quite a professional production facilitated by oh AMP T. F.
Open Mainframe Project Community: On a on a YouTube channel for technology. I've also
Open Mainframe Project Community: Share why they might be good to update every year is Andrea with the link to that.
andrea orth: That's probably a good idea.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I also did post today on the YouTube channel.
Open Mainframe Project Community: The edited version of the tack meeting with slides that I given there because I thought it gave a fairly good overview
Open Mainframe Project Community: To those people that were, we were introducing Geneva ERS to I'd encourage you, maybe to go listen to that video and here
Open Mainframe Project Community: These are serious technology people on the L amp D Technical Advisory Committee and how they reacted to the the relationship of junior year is to spark and how interesting that connection was
Open Mainframe Project Community: I thought of listening and editing again today I thought it was telling as to how they quickly were able to draw those connections from the tech meeting.
andrea orth: Alright, um, housekeeping question that just popped up popped in my mind.
andrea orth: So now the two of us have access to download the recordings, um,
andrea orth: How I want to say he's responsible for doing that and putting putting them and get lab.
Yeah.
Open Mainframe Project Community: So I guess, Andrew. Maybe we got to make it the person taking the minutes how to take responsibility for that, because then they both go in the same folder and makes
Open Mainframe Project Community: The PRS cleaner.
andrea orth: Yes, it does.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I'll take that on.
Okay.
andrea orth: That sounds fine.
andrea orth: Anything else
Open Mainframe Project Community: Hey, I don't know if we had if we had an opening thought, did I miss the opening thought today I thought Bob was going to give her opening
bobmcCormack: I know we didn't Randall was demonstrating his prayer position.
Randall Ness: Be opening up today.
Open Mainframe Project Community: That was a nice work that was really well.
Done.
Randall Ness: I think you're still
Randall Ness: You're still on the hook for the opening thoughts.
Open Mainframe Project Community: This is great.
Open Mainframe Project Community: But maybe maybe we've had a closing thought there by Bob just about
Open Mainframe Project Community: Him. I really enjoyed working with you. I really enjoy the progress and the energy. We've got and I really, we should make a shout out here guys to to Sandy.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Who is giving us a lot of her time and is really driving a lot of the energy in a number of different areas. Not that the rest of you aren't working hard.
Open Mainframe Project Community: I don't mean that. But hers is particularly of a volunteer nature given her employment status right now and
Open Mainframe Project Community: Boy, she's she is very helpful to me, you should I want you all to know how helpful sandy is to me on a daily basis. We talk almost every day and she helps me move something forward so shout out to Sandy.
Sandy Peresie: Be honest. I pestered you every day.
Open Mainframe Project Community: That's exactly what's needed
Jim Hladyshewsky: I think kips just looking for someone to talk to.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Jim's got a tired after a couple years and he appreciate you taking over.
Sandy Peresie: Thank you.
Open Mainframe Project Community: Andrea you've ended one minute early your meeting to run almost better than mine.
andrea orth: Done was go through issues so
andrea orth: That was productive for my don't know
andrea orth: Yet we have now hit our time.
andrea orth: So, goodbye.
andrea orth: weeks from now.
bobmcCormack: Couple weeks. Okay. Cheerio.
949 6620 6199: Everyone. Thank you. Take care.